If it weren't for my grandmother
There's no way I'll marry you
Enough Xue Zhilong
Do you really think that Yue Xiaorou will help you and you will have a backer?
Today you make a big fuss about the Golden Dragon Awards
He also became the founder of the Golden Dragon Award
The location of the celestial palace
You don't want to live?
No one can help you
I said this position is only suitable for me
I don't have to rely on Yuexiao Soft Protection
You are all a bunch of ants in my place
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
All four families are here tonight
How dare you call us ants?
You know we stomp our feet
Fruit porridge has to block three lanes
I'd like to see it
What are your four major families capable of?
Except for the one from Genting Tiangong
Who doesn't know the whole building?
Our four major families are in Guangzhou
There's nothing we can't do if we want to
You're a stinky takeout deliveryman, supported by a woman
Why confront us?
Just a word from me
Let your four families go bankrupt in minutes
Even removed from Guangzhou
Hahaha, did you hear that?
He said to get rid of our four major families in Guangzhou
Who does he think he is?
Xue Zhilong
Do you believe it or not?
I can make you disappear from this world in no time
No one cares if a stinky delivery guy lives or dies
I'll crush you to death
It's as simple as pinching an ant to death
But for the sake of your marriage to Mundy
Our four families removed you from the list
It's a grand funeral
I said you don't deserve it.
Mr. Song, Mr. Liang, Mr. Qi
We'll give him a treat tonight
He took the seat of the one from Genting Heavenly Palace
We took care of him.
Wait for that one to come, maybe?
Can also give us some rewards
OK
I'm going to see what you can do